
Access
Code and automation
Security
Integrations
General
Repository name
crambo-desktop
Template repository Loading
Template repositories let users generate new repositories with the same directory structure and files. Learn more about template repositories.

Require contributors to sign off on web-based commits Loading
Enabling this setting will require contributors to sign off on commits made through GitHub’s web interface. Signing off is a way for contributors to affirm that their commit complies with the repository's terms, commonly the Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO). Learn more about signing off on commits.

Releases
Enable release immutability Loading
Disallow assets and tags from being modified once a release is published.

Social preview
Upload an image to customize your repository’s social media preview.

Images should be at least 640×320px (1280×640px for best display).
Download template

 Edit
Features
Wikis Loading
Wikis host documentation for your repository.

Restrict editing to collaborators only Loading
Public wikis will still be readable by everyone.

Issues Loading
Issues integrate lightweight task tracking into your repository. Keep projects on track with issue labels and milestones, and reference them in commit messages.

Get organized with issue templates
Give contributors issue templates that help you cut through the noise and help them push your project forward.

Sponsorships   Loading
Sponsorships help your community know how to financially support this repository.

Display a "Sponsor" button
Add links to GitHub Sponsors or third-party methods your repository accepts for financial contributions to your project.

Preserve this repository Loading
Include this code in the GitHub Archive Program.

Discussions Loading
Discussions is the space for your community to have conversations, ask questions and post answers without opening issues.

Get started with Discussions
Engage your community by having discussions right in your repository, where your community already lives

Projects Loading
Projects on GitHub are created at the repository owner's level (organization or user) and can be linked to a repository's Projects tab. Projects are suitable for cross-repository development efforts such as feature work, complex product roadmaps or even Issue triage.

Pull requests Loading
Pull requests allow others to suggest changes to your repository.

Pull request permissions
Loading
If restricted, pull requests will still be readable by everyone who can see this repository.

Pull Requests
When merging pull requests, you can allow any combination of merge commits, squashing, or rebasing. At least one option must be enabled. If you have linear history requirement enabled on any protected branch, you must enable squashing or rebasing.

Allow merge commits Loading
Add all commits from the head branch to the base branch with a merge commit.

Default commit message
Presented when merging a pull request with merge.

Allow squash merging Loading
Combine all commits from the head branch into a single commit in the base branch.

Default commit message
Presented when merging a pull request with squash.

Allow rebase merging Loading
Add all commits from the head branch onto the base branch individually.

Control how and when users are prompted to update their branches if there are new changes available in the base branch.

Always suggest updating pull request branches Loading
Whenever there are new changes available in the base branch, present an “update branch” option in the pull request.

You can allow setting pull requests to merge automatically once all required reviews and status checks have passed.

Allow auto-merge Loading
Waits for merge requirements to be met and then merges automatically. Learn more

After pull requests are merged, you can have head branches deleted automatically.

Automatically delete head branches Loading
Deleted branches will still be able to be restored.

Archives
When creating source code archives, you can choose to include files stored using Git LFS in the archive.

Include Git LFS objects in archives 
Git LFS usage in archives is billed at the same rate as usage with the client.

Pushes
Limit how many branches and tags can be updated in a single push Preview Loading
Pushes will be rejected if they attempt to update more than this. Learn more about this setting, and send us your feedback.

Issues
After merging a pull request, linked issues can be closed automatically.

Auto-close issues with merged linked pull requests Loading
Whenever linked pull requests have merged, auto-close the issue.

Danger Zone
Change repository visibility
This repository is currently public.
Disable branch protection rules
Disable branch protection rules enforcement and APIs

Transfer ownership
Transfer this repository to another user or to an organization where you have the ability to create repositories.

Archive this repository
Mark this repository as archived and read-only.

Delete this repository
Once you delete a repository, there is no going back. Please be certain.

Footer
© 2026 GitHub, Inc.
Footer navigation
Terms
Privacy
Security
Status
Community
Docs
Contact
Manage cookies
Do not share my personal information